I want you to use that to protect yourself.
Don't fight for me.
This is Augusto, my husband.
Can you believe this ourself?
He's bossing the biggest family.
And locked number one,
I am proud to present to you
Sapphire encrusted hand cuffs.
Opening bids?
One million.
Two million.
Four million.
Five million.
What are you doing?
If you want them, I'll get them for you.
You're just going to buy everything I like.
Of course.
Ten million.
First three million.
Twenty million.
Thirty.
This is crazy.
Some people don't have the power.
Some people love.
Patrick, please just leave it.
Go.
Fifty million.
Fifty million dollars on you, sir.
Going once, going twice.
Fifty million dollars.
Congratulations.
My husband, Augusto.
Oh, my God.
That's so sweet.
It's worth everything as long as you have.
This is the most expensive gift I've ever received.
They may be a great gift for my estranged son.
The Pietra is the boss of the city.
Where's your respect?
Your little bitch has got some balls.
He's the boss of the bedroom as well.
No one stops the one I love.
Silly boy.
Maybe you've had too many dicks up your house.
Fuck with your brain.
He's fucked up.
Killing a car like that.
It's going to cause a lot of trouble.
That's done.
Relax.
I never should have shown any interest in those stupid handcuffs.
I've made a mess of the whole family, haven't I?
What if I told you that Carl was the boss of the VISTA scene, though,
and killing him was all part of the mission?
Oh, so is your plan to kill Carl all along?
He's cute, even when he's angry.
Yes, yes, but...
I've got the hand pass for you.
Not a part of the plan.
So what you really want is to lock me up.
To lock us together.
$50 million.
Don't you think that's a bit excessive?
Like I said, you're worth it.
I'm just an average, simple man.
I don't deserve any of this.
Listen to me, Gaston.
You deserve everything.
All the luxuries in the world.
Boss, Don is here to see you.
Yeah, one sec.
You can uncuff me now.
I don't like it when you smell that someone else.
Go, Shell.
What does it mean when someone, you know, suddenly buys you an expensive gift?
Says it's worth anything to make you happy.
That person must be totally smitten with you.
Totally smitten.
And what of it's from one man to another?
You mean Pietro?
Yeah.
How did you know?
I've always wondered why Pietro agreed to your proposal so quickly.
Maybe he's been in love with you long before.
She's saying that he genuinely likes me.
How are things of the casino?
The casino is completely ours.
I wanted the casino.
Not Carl's life.
You're just making the mafia hate your marriage even more.
Hatred isn't my concern.
I want their fear.
Fear for me.
But you really are in love with this boy.
Don't give your heart away.
It's dangerous.
I'll get to see everything.
Yeah, it's just a pet peeve I've got.
Hello, mistress.
You haven't come for a long time.
Yeah, you're no longer needed.
So you only pretend to have mistresses to get your fellow buddies off your back?
Clever girl.
What a shame.
You have strong needs.
You can always enjoy more than one person.
I'm always available.
Yeah, you didn't know how to please me but I'm a married man now.
Joke's on you, Augusta.
He has so many mistresses.
He's also straight.
No chance he'd like you.
Yeah, don't mind me.
You know, you don't have to give up all your fun just for art.
Just for our relationship.
Has it never occurred to you that I love you for real?
I think, Augusta.
Why would I marry you?
If I didn't love you.
Would you dress impossible?
You've only ever been with women in the past.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you.
Maybe somehow he had interest in exploring my body.
But for true love, impossible.
Did you know that Sliver Hills went?
No.
Come on, my wolf then.
Look, my wounds.
This isn't very hygien, is it?
I'm a boss.
That's an order.
I don't stop until I say so.
Don't want me to see me as your boss.
Let me be your lover.
You know I've made peace with being your servant.
Even your prisoner.
I'll always look up to you and obey your orders.
Just really struggle to see you as a lover.
I really wish you just...
You owe me your expectations.
You know what my expectations truly are.
So don't play dumb.
You bow down to me.
You'll please me.
You never truly want to understand what I really want.
My mother's funeral.
We used to do this for you.
You did it too.
After a funeral, I just wanted to protect you.
And the day my father wrote up that contract,
I saw how terrified your eyes are and it made my heart ache
and after that all I knew,
as I wanted to do so much more than protect you.
Like I saw him.
I'm in love with you.
My father's agreed to the Black Wedding.
Day after tomorrow,
it was a foreign night.
So soon.
Well, my plan for delaying the ceremony failed,
but I can't give up.
I should try again.
Then draw off the Black Wedding.
I'll officially be part of the family.
This is just fun for you.
We don't have to go that far.
I'm just curious about my body.
I'll play along.
I'm married.
Take the time.
It's all about that wedding.
I want you to see I'm greedy.
I want you to do your body.
The Black Wedding is about to begin.
No matter what happens, I'll always support you.
I'll always be my big brother.
Can't understand why Pietro insists on marrying Augusto.
I've given them everything.
Including you.
And it's still insulting me like this.
Isn't this all caused by your cowardice?
Day you talk to me about that.
Please.
Mum passed away early.
You have to take care of Alice.
We're a family.
I will not be a coward again.
In this Black Wedding ceremony,
you vow to be lovers.
From the depths of your souls.
And devote your lives to protecting each other.
To love and to cherish to your death go as part.
Son of a bitch.
But I think that you should be mean.
He's a groom, not him.
He doesn't deserve it.
It's always been him.
You're nothing but a fuck to him.
There's a few more than anything.
We fucked for so many years.
Stop!
He's trying to kill my heart.
This is a Black Wedding.
I'm wrong by rule.
I can't kill anyone.
But I promise you.
I fucking promise you.
A punishment far worse than death.
So Pietro, are you and Miguel?
You really?
You're okay?
Yes.
Are you sure it's up to two of you?
No one knows what I'm going to know.
Pietro, are you know when I proposed to you?
I was just exploiting the contract and trying to stop you from marrying Alice.
But you accepted.
And you risked being hated by the entire mafia group.
Do you truly like me?
Why do you not believe my perceptions of love?
Look, I've proven to you so now.
Physically.
It's much way it feels.
I think that they're more wine than they help.
It's your eyes.
I'm scared.
Just never done this with a guy before.
You're like my word.
I have this moment.
Wait.
Didn't these feelings just start?
At the end of the weekend.
Yeah, I still want to turn up.
All I want is to go again.
But you ain't picking your phone up.
Why you messing my head?
You had a great time last night, didn't you?
Yeah.
We really hit it off.
How was last night?
Are you okay?
I know it must have been hard as a straight man.
Yeah, it was crazy.
I think you really liked my body.
So...
Never fall in love with your husband.
I'm so confused right now.
I think I enjoyed his body too.
But I don't think whether between us is love.
Why do I feel like you don't actually think you would fall for you?
Anything wrong, boss?
The difference between us is...
It's huge.
Did you tell Alice about you and I?
Last night.
Oh yeah, that Miguel's really all over you.
He's just a fuck to you.
So I'm not the first man you've been with.
Fortunately not now.
Do you want to know him what way he would first and only?
You're the only person I've ever truly loved.
Oh, I can't let him take my soul.
No, no, no.
Sexy guy.
Your muscles are driving me crazy.
One million.
We are fun.
Not enough.
Fuck up.
Ten million.
My husband's here.
They just offered me ten million to play.
If you keep them money, leave them.
We have fun.
You've got some nerve on you.
Mrs. Roberts found out that you were paying boys on the beach to please you.
How come?
Do you know my wife?
Mrs. Roberts.
Trading legend of the east.
This is her exclusive card.
I'm with friends.
What the fuck are you?
Hold on.
Oh, okay.
So I'm so glad you called me.
What can I do?
Oh, honey.
Honey.
No.
It's just me.
I'm with Augusta.
We friends.
Yeah.
We're on the beach.
Listen.
I'll call you in a minute.
Okay?
I'm sorry.
No.
My husband was such a bad answer.
She's been friends for years.
She was a visitor at school.
We became friends when she had my opinions on the stock market.
You're going to be as talented as your dad in the finance industry.
Yeah.
Well, the contract stated that I could have worked for the family for the rest of my life.
Father, I know you were sentenced that treat to Arnold to death tomorrow.
But I've got a better idea than killing him.
Look, I still should never find out.
I was the one responsible for the contract before he totally falls in love with me.
It was a contract to pay into you.
It changed my fate.
And Alice's.
I've got confidence out you.
I enjoy it.
I'm going to lose so far.
Yeah.
I can't really indulge myself this much before.
It's the beginning.
I'm still a bit sore from last night.
You can switch.
Really?
But really well.
I'm going to sing a great part of this one.
You're making mine tonight in your head.
I feel you breathing.
Thank you for getting me all this joy.
Don't thank you, Gustave, for giving me a taste of happiness and being the love of my life.
Yes, I can stay in hell.
Not doing the same!
I just want to help you fool you in the-
Get together!
Be your burden.
I've already got my body, but why do you want my good for nothing's soul?
Can you please stop doubting me?
Let me remind you, there are still mafia in this city that disapprove of your wedding.
You could have been killed today.
I know.
And I won't get another chance.
A weak partner will always drag Pietro down.
It was the same with my wife.
She was killed in an assassination.
I know.
As a real man, I want to protect my partner too.
A real man.
A soft man like you is nothing more than Pietro's little pet.
Assassin has a chance to prove himself.
Hasn't he?
Well, maybe I could give him that chance.
Get him on my Falcon approved.
He will need to win at least three medals.
Not.
He doesn't have to prove anything to anyone.
I'll do it.
Well done, Augusta.
Pass my tests.
I need of my son.
Take break.
I promise that Don, I need to win the fight competition next month.
I'm serious.
What are you doing?
Hit.
Can you stop messing around?
Do you think being known as the gang softy is all I deserve?
I won't.
I've got the sacred sauce.
You're not going to be soft anymore.
I hope you don't set this up.
Now you're faithful, I should get.
Softy.
You always see the rest softies.
Ready.
I'm on Augusta.
Quiet.
Get up and kick me.
Let's go.
Hard though.
I remember this feeling Augusta.
You're not a softy.
You can kick anyone down.
Softy now.
Congratulations.
It's the first test of the Falcon approved.
Thank you.
I feel stronger.
The game is just beginning.
Get ready for your next challenge.
I just want to touch it.
Kiatro like this.